README.md, before:

# music_stream
## Overview
A Django web application for dynamically serving music. Originally designed so that I could share my music collection with my family without needing to keep putting it on flash drives for them, it became a bit of a pet project so I could have something to showcase for job applications.

If for some reason you decide to clone this repo for something, you'll need to get some icon files for things like play/pause buttons, etc. If you dig around in the HTML, you should be able to find all the filenames you need. Similarly, you'll need your own Django settings file since that isn't uploaded here.

## Dependencies
### Mandatory dependencies
1. Python3 (https://www.python.org/)

   Written for Python3
2. eyeD3 (https://eyed3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

   MP3 file processing, might be able to remove one or the other
3. mutagen (https://mutagen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

   MP3 file processing, might be able to remove one or the other

### Optional dependencies
1. wakeonlan (https://pypi.org/project/wakeonlan/)

   Specific use-case where the music file host goes to sleep sometimes
2. Pillow (https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/5.3.x/)

   Specific use-case for converting .webp album artwork to .png to serve the file

Commit message:

Lol I forgot to include Django in my dependencies

README.md, after:

# music_stream
## Overview
A Django web application for dynamically serving music. Originally designed so that I could share my music collection with my family without needing to keep putting it on flash drives for them, it became a bit of a pet project so I could have something to showcase for job applications.

If for some reason you decide to clone this repo for something, you'll need to get some icon files for things like play/pause buttons, etc. If you dig around in the HTML, you should be able to find all the filenames you need. Similarly, you'll need your own Django settings file since that isn't uploaded here.

## Dependencies
### Mandatory dependencies
1. Python3 (https://www.python.org/)

   Written for Python3
2. Django (https://www.djangoproject.com/)

   Web framework that does all the heavy lifting
3. eyeD3 (https://eyed3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

   MP3 file processing, might be able to remove one or the other
4. mutagen (https://mutagen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

   MP3 file processing, might be able to remove one or the other

### Optional dependencies
1. wakeonlan (https://pypi.org/project/wakeonlan/)

   Specific use-case where the music file host goes to sleep sometimes
2. Pillow (https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/5.3.x/)

   Specific use-case for converting .webp album artwork to .png to serve the file
